I am welcome to this video to design
just to help you measure up the skirt
your Caravan which is the section
between the two profiles get yourself a
ladder on firm footing so they don't
fall off it and
tape measure and the skirt just between
the profile at the top and that's 45
centimeters or four hundred and fifty
mil budget between this profile here and
the one here this is just the length of
the skirt so when we've got a an ear
lifter
just down the bottom just neatly in
place
measure all four sides of corners where
you going to mount them or where you
think you're going to mount them certain
cases any variants there's some roofs
are different or some of the skirts are
different I will go inside and just show
you now for the ones that are inside
or inside what you're looking for is
distance between the roof and what
you're going to fasten it to down here
generally it's an angle bracket down the
bottom whether it's a timber or
aluminium but the main thing when you're
doing it or want an internal system is
that you've got something to fasten to
up here a lot of vans don't have any
support in this section this one has a
small section of aluminium and we can
fasten to that then you just need to
stagger the order make us a special
bracket some vans have 25 mil some have
nothing so just keep that in mind if you
wanted to have an internal system what
you confess and - up the top and that's
really about it it's that easy
so if you look at the bottom profile you
can see it here and it's just angled so
this would be an angle bracket and if
you come up to the top again
you've got an angle bracket up here so
you can see an angle bracket in place
top and an angle bracket in place down
the bottom so it's just a case of
measuring between there and at the top
lined up to get the length of the skirt
when you're fitting them just make sure
you keep the airlines at the bottom